okay gonna show you how to remove
useless files from your computer that
usually saw it done basically these are
usually spyware malware and temporary
files and other NIT bets in the computer
that basically sold on the computer but
they are rather useless files that you
don't really need what this begins with
is by using a software that's called
CCleaner
it's the word cleaner with two c's well
that's it there
once it's open and this is what it looks
like down the left-hand side you will
see all the different options of the
things you can get it to remove and
there's anything there you see that you
want to keep obviously you can uncheck
the box and once you've uncheck the box
then obviously you can say that you
don't want it to remove that bad thing
and then you click run cleaner what that
will do is I ask you to confirm you
would like to permanently delete the
files when you press ok then it starts
to remove the temporary files from the
computer usually harmless fonts but
they're in the temporary files and
slowing down the computer when you can
see here what all it has removed it's
just quite a lot of stuff 347 megabyte
then the next software that we'll use is
called malwarebytes anti-malware and
with this software we are going to
remove the malware from the computer
which are other useless files on the
computer that really are not required at
all
what would you just uses that perform
the quick scan and let that scan run
through and the scan takes quite a while
and you're just waiting for the scam to
complete once it's complete you're
expecting results here there was none
basically whenever there is you would
usually get our button down here that
says show results and then gives you the
option to remove all their detected
malware which is pretty awesome it's the
best malware remover in existence so you
would use that next that would remove
all the useless mile water files the
final thing would be to remove all the
spyware well your computer is probably
full of the spy worm or spyware than it
is malware and what I use is
superantispyware this is what the
interface looks like obviously time
sensitive cuz it might not always
protect this but what your main point is
is that there's different types of scans
you can do and usually I would just
select a quick scan and an scan your
computer
and what I will do is start to look for
threats in other words spyware or
anything related to spyware because this
is what this software is best at doing
and it's look you're looking for it to
detect those spyware so you can remove
them as you can see on my computer there
was no results unfortunately there was
no results a bit of a problem here
because I wasn't coming to show you some
but usually what will happen is then
you'll be given the option to remove
them all and what this software will do
is obviously quarantine them or remove
them and that is essentially this easy
way to remove useless files from your
computer to in the end make your
computer more fast and perform better
really easy